AS License

Copyright (2023) Anyscale, Inc.

Definitions.

  Agreement: The agreement between Anyscale, Inc. and you governing the use of
  the Anyscale Services, located at www.anyscale.com/terms unless you have
  entered into a separate written agreement with Anyscale governing the use of
  the applicable Anyscale Services, in which case such agreement shall be the
  “Agreement”.

  Documentation: any documentation provided with the Software.

  Modification Right: if the Pointer File includes a statement indicating that
  the modification right applies, the Scope of Use also includes a right to
  modify the Software, subject to any restrictions set forth in the Pointer
  File or Documentation; if the Pointer File is silent as to a Modification
  Right applying or states that one does not apply, none shall apply.

  Pointer File: the license and/or notice file that points to this AS-License
  provided with or in connection with access to the Software.

  Software: The source code and object code to which this license applies.


General. Your downloading or use of the Software will be deemed your approval
of these terms (“AS-License”).  You acknowledge and agree that Anyscale may
update this AS-License from time to time at any time by posting an updated
version of these terms on anyscale.com/as-license and that your continued use
of the Software following an updated version being posted will constitute
consent to such changes and such use shall be subject to the current published
version of the AS-License. If you do not agree to these AS-License terms, you
may not view or make any use of the Software.


Scope of Use. You may not use this Software except in connection with your use
of the Anyscale Services pursuant to the Agreement. Your use of the Software
must comply at all times with any restrictions applicable to the Anyscale
Services generally and must be used in accordance with any applicable
documentation. Without limiting the foregoing, you may view, use, and copy, and
if the Pointer File includes a Modification Right, modify (subject to any
restrictions set forth in the Modification Right), the Software solely for the
purposes of using the code within or connecting to the Anyscale Services in
compliance with the Documentation.


Termination. This AS-License terminates automatically upon your breach of these
terms or upon the termination of your Agreement. Additionally, Anyscale may
terminate this AS-License at any time on notice (including by posting a notice
on anyscale.com/as-license). Upon termination, you must permanently delete the
Software and all copies thereof.



DISCLAIMER; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS-IS” AND WITH ALL FAULTS. ANYSCALE, ON BEHALF OF
ITSELF AND ITS LICENSORS, SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES RELATING TO THE
SOFTWARE, EXPRESS AND IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, CONDITIONS AND OTHER TERMS OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY
OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. ANYSCALE AND ITS
LICENSORS TOTAL AGGREGATE LIABILITY RELATING TO OR ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF
OR ANYSCALE’S PROVISIONING OF THE SOFTWARE SHALL BE LIMITED TO ONE THOUSAND
($1,000) DOLLARS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR
THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
