# CreateSession

Model used to create a Session.  If uses_app_config is set, build_id and compute_template_id must be passed. Otherwise, cluster_config and cloud_id must be passed.
## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**name** | **str** | Name of the session to be created. | 
**project_id** | **str** | Project that the session will be created in. | 
**cloud_id** | **str** | Cloud that the session will use. | [optional] 
**cluster_config** | **str** | Cluster config that the session can later be started with. | [optional] 
**build_id** | **str** | ID of the Build that this session was started with. | [optional] 
**compute_template_id** | **str** | ID of the compute template that this session was started with. | [optional] 
**idle_timeout** | **int** | Idle timeout (in minutes), after which the session is stopped. Idle time is defined as the time during which a session is not running a user command (through &#39;anyscale exec&#39; or the Web UI), and does not have an attached driver. Time spent running Jupyter commands, or commands run through ssh, is still considered &#39;idle&#39;. | [optional] [default to 120]
**uses_app_config** | **bool** | Whether or not the session uses app config. If true, it means this is not a legacy session started with cluster yaml. | [optional] [default to False]
**allow_public_internet_traffic** | **bool** | Whether public internet traffic can access Serve endpoints or if an authentication token is required. | [optional] [default to False]
**user_service_access** | [**UserServiceAccessTypes**](UserServiceAccessTypes.md) | Whether user service can be accessed by public internet traffic. | [optional] 
**user_service_token** | **str** | User service token that is used to authenticate access to public user services. This must be a valid 32 byte URL safe string and can be generated by calling &#x60;secrets.token_urlsafe(32))&#x60;. This is ignored if the user service has private access. If not specified for a public user service, a token is autogenerated. | [optional] 
**ha_job_id** | **str** | This is used internally by Anyscale to associate clusters to a job. It is set automatically and should *not* be used directly. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


