# Session

Model used to read a Session.
## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**name** | **str** | Name of the session to be created. | 
**project_id** | **str** | Project that the session will be created in. | 
**cloud_id** | **str** | Cloud that the session will use. | 
**cluster_config** | **str** | Cluster config that the session can later be started with. | 
**build_id** | **str** | ID of the Build that this session was started with. | [optional] 
**compute_template_id** | **str** | ID of the compute template that this session was started with. | [optional] 
**idle_timeout** | **int** | Idle timeout (in minutes), after which the session is stopped. Idle time is defined as the time during which a session is not running a user command (through &#39;anyscale exec&#39; or the Web UI), and does not have an attached driver. Time spent running Jupyter commands, or commands run through ssh, is still considered &#39;idle&#39;. | [optional] [default to 120]
**uses_app_config** | **bool** | Whether or not the session uses app config. If true, it means this is not a legacy session started with cluster yaml. | [optional] [default to False]
**allow_public_internet_traffic** | **bool** | Whether public internet traffic can access Serve endpoints or if an authentication token is required. | [optional] [default to False]
**user_service_access** | [**UserServiceAccessTypes**](UserServiceAccessTypes.md) | Whether user service can be accessed by public internet traffic. | [optional] 
**user_service_token** | **str** | User service token that is used to authenticate access to public user services. This must be a valid 32 byte URL safe string and can be generated by calling &#x60;secrets.token_urlsafe(32))&#x60;. This is ignored if the user service has private access. If not specified for a public user service, a token is autogenerated. | [optional] 
**ha_job_id** | **str** | This is used internally by Anyscale to associate clusters to a job. It is set automatically and should *not* be used directly. | [optional] 
**id** | **str** | Server assigned unique identifier. | 
**state** | [**SessionState**](SessionState.md) | Current state of the Session. | 
**pending_state** | [**SessionState**](SessionState.md) | Pending state of the Session if a state transition has been requested. | [optional] 
**state_data** | [**SessionStateData**](SessionStateData.md) | Additional information about the current state | [optional] 
**creator_id** | **str** | Identifier of user who created the Session. | 
**created_at** | **datetime** | Time at which session was created. | 
**archived_at** | **datetime** | The time in which this cluster is archived. | [optional] 
**webterminal_auth_url** | **str** | URL to authenticate with the webterminalThis field will only be populated after the Session finishes starting. | [optional] 
**metrics_dashboard_url** | **str** | URL for Grafana (metrics) dashboard for this Session in the running cluster state. This field will only be populated after the Session finishes starting. | [optional] 
**persistent_metrics_url** | **str** | URL for persistent Grafana (metrics) dashboard for this Session in the non-running cluster state. This field will only be populated after the Session finishes starting. | [optional] 
**connect_url** | **str** | URL for Anyscale connect for this Session. This field will only be populated after the Session finishes starting. | [optional] 
**jupyter_notebook_url** | **str** | URL for Jupyter Lab for this Session. This field will only be populated after the Session finishes starting. | [optional] 
**ray_dashboard_url** | **str** | URL for Ray dashboard for this Session. This field will only be populated after the Session finishes starting. | [optional] 
**access_token** | **str** | Access token for web based services (e.g. jupyter, tensorboard, etc). This field will be populated when the web based services are available after the Session finishes starting. | 
**service_proxy_url** | **str** | Link to the web services proxy (e.g. jupyter, tensorboard, etc). This field will be populated when the web based services are available after the Session finishes starting. | [optional] 
**tensorboard_available** | **bool** | Represents whether Tensorboard is available. | 
**cluster_config_last_modified_at** | **datetime** | Time when the cluster config for the Session was last modified. | 
**host_name** | **str** | URL for the head node of the cluster. This field will be populated after the cluster finishes starting. | [optional] 
**head_node_ip** | **str** | Head IP of the Session. This field will be populated after the cluster finishes starting. | [optional] 
**ssh_authorized_keys** | **list[str]** | Serialized SSH Public Keys to be placed in the machine&#39;s authorized_keys. | 
**ssh_private_key** | **str** | SSH Private key that can be used to access the session&#39;s servers. | 
**anyscaled_config** | **str** | Serialized AnyscaleD config that is general to head and worker nodes. | [optional] 
**anyscaled_config_generated_at** | **datetime** | Time when AnyscaleD config was generated at. | [optional] 
**default_build_id** | **str** | Default build id used for the session. Only not null when using default builds. | [optional] 
**idle_timeout_last_activity_at** | **datetime** | The time when this session started idling. If idle_timeout is enabled and this value is None, then this session is still active. | [optional] 
**ray_version** | **str** | The last known ray version running on this cluster. | [optional] 
**ray_version_last_updated_at** | **datetime** | The time in which the ray version of this was updated. | [optional] 
**user_service_url** | **str** | URL to access user services (e.g. Ray Serve) | [optional] 
**ray_component_activities_last_reported_at** | **datetime** | When we last saw an observation from Ray Dashboard. This is populated even if we see an observation of no activity. | [optional] 
**activity_details** | [**object**](.md) | Details of latest positive activity report for all relavant components. Format is mapping of activity type to activity details (includes timestamp and other activity specific fields). | [optional] 
**maximum_uptime_will_terminate_cluster_at** | **datetime** | The time the cluster will be terminated due to its maximum uptime. If None, the cluster will not be terminated for this reason. | [optional] 
**idle_termination_status** | [**IdleTerminationStatus**](IdleTerminationStatus.md) | The status of autosuspend | [optional] 
**ray_dashboard_snapshot_last_reported_at** | **datetime** | The time of the last snapshot recorded from the ray dashboard | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


